README.md, before:

ROS packages and code samples of software research projects implemented during my thesis.

Package: Katana Tutorials

Source code: follow_online_trajectory.cpp

Comments: Implementation an online kinematic trajectory tracking algorithm for the End-effector of the Katana manipulator. The input pose is calculated by a motion planning algorithm that adapts the robot motion to a constantly changing surface.

Package: widowx_torque_control_code/widowx_controller

Source code: widowx_stiffness_state_space_controller_5DOF.py & widowx_position_controller.py

Comments: Implementation in Python of an online kinematic position controller and a Stiffness controlle that is transforming forces and torques in the task space into joint torques of the widowx arm through the arbotix controller. Theoretical background for the stiffness controller can be found in [[1]](#1).

## References
<a id="1">[1]</a> 
"Villani, L. and De Schutter, J., 2016. Force control. In Springer handbook of robotics (pp. 195-220). Springer, Cham."

Commit message:

Update of README to include driver implementation

README.md, after:

ROS packages and code samples of software research projects implemented during my thesis.

Package: Katana Tutorials

Source code: follow_online_trajectory.cpp

Comments: Implementation an online kinematic trajectory tracking algorithm for the End-effector of the Katana manipulator. The input pose is calculated by a motion planning algorithm that adapts the robot motion to a constantly changing surface.

Package: widowx_torque_control_code/widowx_controller

Source code: widowx_stiffness_state_space_controller_5DOF.py & widowx_position_controller.py

Comments: Implementation in Python of an online kinematic position controller and a Stiffness controlle that is transforming forces and torques in the task space into joint torques of the widowx arm through the arbotix controller. Theoretical background for the stiffness controller can be found in [[1]](#1).

Package: widowx_torque_control_code/widowx_driver

Source code: widowx_torque_driver.py & widowx_position_driver.py

Comments: Implementation in Python of a position and torque drivers that tranfer the desired joint positions or torques to the robot via the Arbotix interface.

## References
<a id="1">[1]</a> 
"Villani, L. and De Schutter, J., 2016. Force control. In Springer handbook of robotics (pp. 195-220). Springer, Cham."
